## Project 2: Vignette and interaction with API  

* ## What did you do in this second project?  

    This project was about creating a vignette and write functions that will ineteract with the API of our choice. For the API, I chose the Financial API,
    where I got some stock,forex,crypto data from the endpoints. These data were converted into JSON format then into R objects. The main goal was to write 
    functions to interact with the API, then do some data analysis on the datas called using the functions.  
    
    I worked with a combined data from the aggregated and grouped stock API. After combining the data I created three new variables based on existing ones, 
    created some contingency tables for the  categorical variables in my data, and created numerical summaries for the numeric variables. Next, I created some graphical
    summaries that constitute of histogram, bar plots, box plot, and a scatter plot.
    
    The whole project was written in R markdown with an interaction with github. A github repository was createc for the project that contains all the files from
    the project.
    
   ( N.B: The essence of this question is for each group member to state what part of the project he/she worked on, but since I worked on the project alone,
    that is why I listed everything. )
    
 * ## What was the most difficult part of the logic and programming for you?  
 
    The first most difficult task was getting famiiar with the API and retrieving the relevant data for the analysis. On the analysis part, I had to 
    carefully create the new variables that can be used in the numerical and graphical summary. Getting around github was also a little bit confusing at 
    first.
    
 * ## What would you do differently in approaching a similar project in the future?  
  
   I would get famiiar with the API and try to understand every key term in the endpoints.  Also, one thing that helps all the time is to seek some help when stucked.
   
 * Link to the [github page](https://rubinho12.github.io/ST558-Project2/#goal)
 * Link to the [repository](https://github.com/Rubinho12/ST558-Project2)
 
    

    
    
    
