## Project 3: Automation of machine learning models  

  * ## What is this project about?  
    This project was about fitting machine learning models to an [online news popularity data set](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Online+News+Popularity)
    and automate the results across six different channels. 
    
 * ## What would you do differently?  
    Working on this project was fun and challenging at the same time. The professor was helpul when we needed help, and everything went good. So, I honnestly do
    not think I would have done anything differently.  
    
 * ## What was the most difficult part for you?  
    The most difficult part was the automation part. I and my team member were knitting the automation code instead of rendering it directly in the console.
    We spent some amount of time struggling on that part, before finally getting help from the professor.  
    
 * ## What are your big take-aways from this project?  
    Automation is a cool way to get multiple reports for the same analysis and is a huge time saver.  
    
    When I was thinking that the random forest model will be the winner on all channels, it performed best on only 3 channels, making it a tie with the 
    regression model.
      
    When fitting the random forest model, it took a long time. It was surprisingly slow to fit compared to the booseted tree model which is primarly a slow
    tree growth method.  
    
 * ## Links 
    Link to the [repository](https://github.com/Rubinho12/ST558-Project3)
    
    Link to the [github page](https://rubinho12.github.io/ST558-Project3/)
    
    
    
